hello everyone this is because
for video test.com today I'm testing
professional jumbo home SITAC
nutrition a well known gamer who enjoys
a pretty good reputation
here we go
so here we have a pot of 1 kg 260
chocolate taste
we can also find taste
raspberry chocolate and banana skin
1 kg of 160 so and 3 kg 240 at the level
commercial arguments so on the
bridge can see that citec puts forward
that there are 52 grams of protein from
quality in a dose of 162 grams of
django enriched with jumbo a matrix of
different complex ingredients of
6 carb carbs including flour
oats you can Latin to fast
slang if creatine form and it would
specially designed for morphologies
athletic and in tips for use
we are therefore advised a full dose
that is 162 grams per day in
four hundred thousand liquid lives
so be consumed little by little while at
long day be taken to
training schedules before during and
afterwards so at the level of composition
for 100 g of jumbo we find 3.7 g of
lipids 52 5 grams of carbohydrates and 32.1
g of protein at the ingredient level
so the protein is a concentrate of
white ra filter then we find
ingredients the group is in the form of
matrix so there is the 6 carb matrix so
for carbohydrates with dextrose from
platinum with oatmeal
maltodextrin fructose evit ar go on
then found under all of a
matrix jumbo matrix created composed
of six creatine a jumbo matrix to
millau select amino acid compound
bca express a matrix m to caregivers
precursors of ena is a matrix
micro nutrium compound complex support
a magnesium and vitamin c is finally in
end of the list the bio perrine that is
supposed to help digestion of
nutrients
so I of course not have fun to describe
one by one all the ingredients that
up
this guénaire so in the video will last
hours so I'm going to summarize the
main points so here we are on a
32% protein content which
place on average high compared to
reassures frequently encountered the source
is unique it's a concentrate us and he
is specified concentrated we are ultra
filtered I send you back to the Arctic
where there is a link to a daiki article
in the latest issue of bodybuilding
rules then the carbohydrates we
found up to 52% so composed
of six carbohydrate carbohydrates hadjeba
like for example oatmeal and
palatines aux and carbohydrates hadj is
high as maltodextrin still
levitt argo then we find the
matrix crabs so have composed of six
creatine as a reminder apart from creatine
monohydrate the other creatine does
only have business arguments
to defend their reputation
then we find the matrix of
so amino acids that amino acid
whose proportions are not known
and at the end of the list the bca in a
negligible amount 1 g for one dose
of 162 grams and precursors of
hainaut with especially arginine for
our advice of use so we see
that if we take a 2 162 grams of
jumbo pro it will make a contribution
additional calorie of 673 calories
usually when we want to make a
mass intake quite clean we advise
often increase by approximately
250 to 300 calories in this case for
about 300 calories one can take a
dose of 80 g of jumbo
so that can be a problem because we
divide the our daily dose by
two we see that there is a lot
of ingredients some of which are already
under dosed with a dose of sense 262
that a pardon
so if we divide by two that makes
a lot of ingredients that are
under dosed and therefore by the same to 6000
for the missile test it and I
prepared a dose of 40 g so with the
pod that is provided and about 200
thousand liters of water we can see that there is
not foam at all that the product is
pretty well diluted
here
so conclude in strong point one can
point out the carbohydrate protein ratio
which above average compared
to the majority of other gainers the
visibility that is good and the dose
low enough lipids we could have
also talk about the presence of carbohydrates
with giba but we do not know exactly
in what proportion they are present
compared to carbohydrates alg high in
weak point we find a lot
unnecessary ingredients or under dosing the
presence of carbohydrates with geo favorable to
a fat intake and little
information on the proportions of
some ingredients with regards
my in my opinion perso so me what
I'm mainly looking for a gainers
they bring me calories
additional easy to manage
in the form of proteins and carbohydrates
we see we have a list
long enough ingredients
personally I prefer products
simple
there we see the presence of creatine from
hainaut booster of amino acids that
are not for me not justified in a
gamer he still keeps the advantage
to have carbohydrate protein ratio at
above average and it is not
exclusively composed of carbohydrates alger
to like for example some winner
that we can find with only
maltodextrin with regard to
the missibility go pretty good we got it
seen the chocolate taste is quite sweet but
remains pleasant with regard to
the use I decided on as soon as
early not to apply the doses
advised by the brand and I am
am kept at a daily dose
about 80 g
it allowed me to easily complete
my caloric intake are however
make fat